Governance Polls 2025-05-26 (#6)
makerdao/polls: 2025/2025-05-26-Spark-rate-limits-update.md

summary: Signal your support or opposition to increasing the USDe Mint and Staking Rate Limits on the Spark Liquidity Layer.
discussion_link: https://forum.sky.money/t/may-29-2025-proposed-changes-to-spark-for-upcoming-spell-2/26440
parameters:
    input_format: single-choice
    victory_conditions:
        - { type : plurality }
    result_display: single-vote-breakdown
version: v2.0.0
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes
   2: No
start_date: 2025-05-26T16:00:00
end_date: 2025-05-29T16:00:00
---

# Poll: SparkLend Liquidity Layer Mainnet - Increase USDe Mint and Staking Rate Limits - May 26, 2025

The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of the Stability Facilitators. This Governance [Poll](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.1.9.1_Operational_Weekly_Cycle-b189fa17-57a9-4d4e-9780-0ce4efd94211%7C0db30308) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, May 26 at 16:00 UTC.

**This is a binary vote.**

- **You may vote for a single option.**
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

> The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to increasing the USDe mint and staking rate limits on the SparkLend Liquidity Layer on Mainnet as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to increasing the USDe mint and staking rate limits on the [Spark Liquidity Layer](https://docs.spark.fi/user-guides/spark-liquidity-layer/) on Mainnet as follows:
```

- Minting USDe
  - Max amount: **250 million**
  - Slope: **100 million**
- Burning USDe
  - Max amount: **500 million**
  - Slope: **200 million**
- Depositing to sUSDe
  - Max amount: **250 million**
  - Slope: **100 million**
- Initiating withdrawal cooldown from sUSDe
  - Max amount: **unlimited**
- Withdrawing from sUSDe after cooldown

>   - Max amount: **unlimited**

Reviewer: Thanks! We’ll skip them this time
